adding proxy configuration #20231107 #20230503 in 4314 issue (#6952)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/cross-cluster-search.md

1. The call, including the authenticated user, is forwarded to the remote cluster.
1. The user's permissions are evaluated on the remote cluster.

> ## Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> In order to use proxy mode, you need to ensure that:

Reviewer 2: Nit: If you plan to use proxy mode...

Author: This has now been changed to 
"To use proxy mode, fulfill the following prerequisites:"

> - Make sure that he source cluster's nodes are able to connect to the configured `proxy_address`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Make sure that the source cluster's nodes are able to connect to the configured `proxy_address`. 
```

You can now run queries across both clusters:

> ```json

Reviewer 2: Any reason to change this from bash to json?

  }
}'
```

## OpenSearch behind a proxy

> You can configure cross-cluster search on a cluster running behind a proxy. There are many ways to configure a reverse proxy and various proxies to chose from. The following example demonstrates the basic NGINX reverse proxy configuration without TLS termination. OpenSearch is expected to be running with both transport and HTTP TLS encryption enabled. For more information about configuring TLS encryption, see [Configuring TLS certificates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/).

Reviewer 2: Let's call out this pre-requisite explicitly: 
```
If you're using proxy mode, 
- the source cluster's nodes should be able to connect to the configured proxy_address. 
- the proxy should be able to route connections to the remote cluster nodes.
```

> This section outlines the additional configuration which you need to use Cross-cluster search on cluster running behind a proxy. As there are many ways to configure a reverse proxy and various proxies to chose from, the following example demonstrates the basic Nginx reverse proxy configuration without TLS termination. The OpenSearch is expected to be running with both transport and http TLS encryption enabled, more details on configuring TLS encryption are available at [Configuring TLS certificates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can configure cross-cluster search on a cluster running behind a proxy. There are many ways to configure a reverse proxy and various proxies to chose from. The following example demonstrates the basic NGINX reverse proxy configuration without TLS termination. OpenSearch is expected to be running with both transport and HTTP TLS encryption enabled. For more information about configuring TLS encryption, see [Configuring TLS certificates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/).
```

### Proxy configuration

> Basic Nginx configuration for http and transport communication:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The basic NGINX configuration for HTTP and transport communication follows:
```

```
stream {
    upstream opensearch-transport {
        server <opensearch>:9300;
    }
    upstream opensearch-http {
        server <opensearch>:9200;
    }
    server {
        listen 8300;

>         ssl_certificate /.../opensearch-2.12.0/config/esnode.pem;

Reviewer 2: Nit: Can we replace `2.12.0` with a generic key? something like 'VERSION'?

Reviewer 4: @AntonEliatra : This will replace the variable with whatever version of the docs they are in: {{site.opensearch_version}}. 

So, you could have `ssl_certificate /.../{{site.opensearch_version}}/config/esnode.pem;`

Author: Thanks @hdhalter, thats updated now

        ssl_certificate_key /.../opensearch-2.12.0/config/esnode-key.pem;
        ssl_trusted_certificate /.../opensearch-2.12.0/config/root-ca.pem;
        proxy_pass opensearch-transport;
        ssl_preread on;
    }
    server {
        listen 443;
        listen [::]:443;
        ssl_certificate /.../opensearch-2.12.0/config/esnode.pem;
        ssl_certificate_key /.../opensearch-2.12.0/config/esnode-key.pem;
        ssl_trusted_certificate /.../opensearch-2.12.0/config/root-ca.pem;
        proxy_pass opensearch-http;
        ssl_preread on;
    }
}
```

> The listening ports for http and transport communication are set to `443` and `8300` respectively. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The listening ports for HTTP and transport communication are set to `443` and `8300` respectively. 
```

### OpenSearch configuration

> Remote cluster can be configured to point to the `proxy` using the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The remote cluster can be configured to point to the `proxy` using the following command:
```

  }
}'
```

> ## OpenSearch behind a proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proxy settings
```

> You can configure cross-cluster search on a cluster running behind a proxy. There are many ways to configure a reverse proxy and various proxies to choose from. The following example demonstrates the basic NGINX reverse proxy configuration without TLS termination. OpenSearch is expected to be running with both transport and HTTP TLS encryption enabled. For more information about configuring TLS encryption, see [Configuring TLS certificates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure cross-cluster search on a cluster running behind a proxy. There are many ways to configure a reverse proxy and various proxies to choose from. The following example demonstrates the basic NGINX reverse proxy configuration without TLS termination, though there are many proxies and reverse proxies to choose from.  For this example to work, OpenSearch is expected to be running with both transport and HTTP TLS encryption enabled. For more information about configuring TLS encryption, see [Configuring TLS certificates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/).
```

> You can configure cross-cluster search on a cluster running behind a proxy. There are many ways to configure a reverse proxy and various proxies to choose from. The following example demonstrates the basic NGINX reverse proxy configuration without TLS termination, though there are many proxies and reverse proxies to choose from.  For this example to work, OpenSearch is expected to be running with both transport and HTTP TLS encryption enabled. For more information about configuring TLS encryption, see [Configuring TLS certificates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can configure cross-cluster search on a cluster running behind a proxy. There are many ways to configure a reverse proxy and various proxies to choose from. The following example demonstrates the basic NGINX reverse proxy configuration without TLS termination, though there are many proxies and reverse proxies to choose from. For this example to work, OpenSearch must have both transport and HTTP TLS encryption enabled. For more information about configuring TLS encryption, see [Configuring TLS certificates]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/tls/).
```

### Proxy configuration

> The basic NGINX configuration for HTTP and transport communication follows:

Reviewer: Where would they enter the proxy information?

Author: @Naarcha-AWS this would depend on how they have nginx set up, I dont think it's a good idea to specify location of this particular configuration file. Anyone who is familiar with Nginx would be able to understand this I think, But let me know if you think otherwise, I've no problem adding possible location for this conf file

> The basic NGINX configuration for HTTP and transport communication follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is the basic NGINX configuration for HTTP and transport communication:
```

```
stream {
    upstream opensearch-transport {
        server <opensearch>:9300;
    }
    upstream opensearch-http {
        server <opensearch>:9200;
    }
    server {
        listen 8300;
        ssl_certificate /.../opensearch-<VERSION>/config/esnode.pem;
        ssl_certificate_key /.../opensearch-<VERSION>/config/esnode-key.pem;
        ssl_trusted_certificate /.../opensearch-<VERSION>/config/root-ca.pem;
        proxy_pass opensearch-transport;
        ssl_preread on;
    }
    server {
        listen 443;
        listen [::]:443;
        ssl_certificate /.../opensearch-<VERSION>/config/esnode.pem;
        ssl_certificate_key /.../opensearch-<VERSION>/config/esnode-key.pem;
        ssl_trusted_certificate /.../opensearch-<VERSION>/config/root-ca.pem;
        proxy_pass opensearch-http;
        ssl_preread on;
    }
}
```

> The listening ports for HTTP and transport communication are set to `443` and `8300` respectively. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The listening ports for HTTP and transport communication are set to `443` and `8300`, respectively. 
```

### OpenSearch configuration

> The remote cluster can be configured to point to the `proxy` using the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The remote cluster can be configured to point to the `proxy` by using the following command:
```

```bash
curl -k -XPUT -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -u 'admin:<custom-admin-password>' 'https://opensearch:9200/_cluster/settings' -d '
{
  "persistent": {
    "cluster.remote": {
      "opensearch-remote-cluster": {
        "mode": "proxy",
        "proxy_address": "<remote-cluster-proxy>:8300"
      }
    }
  }
}'
```

> Note the previously defined port `8300` configured in the [Proxy configuration]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/cross-cluster-search/#proxy-configuration) section.

Reviewer 3: Do we mean "Note that port `8300` was previously configured in the..."?

Author: @natebower thats been updated now
